<|ref|>title<|/ref|><|det|>[[81, 52, 794, 72]]<|/det|>
# SUSTAINABILITY ACCOUNTING STANDARDS BOARD INDEX

<|ref|>table<|/ref|><|det|>[[80, 140, 920, 691]]<|/det|>

<table><tr><td>Topic</td><td>Metric</td><td>Category</td><td>Unit of<br>Measure</td><td>Code</td><td>Response</td></tr><tr><td>Environmental &<br>Social Impacts<br>of Ingredient<br>Supply Chain</td><td>Suppliers' social and<br>environmental responsibility<br>audit (1) non-conformance rate and (2) associated corrective<br>action rate for (a) major and (b)<br>minor nonconformances</td><td>Quantitative</td><td>Rate</td><td>FB-NB-<br>430a.1</td><td>From the onset of supplier onboarding, their<br>social and environmental responsibilities are<br>evaluated. In addition, suppliers are subjected to annual audits, biannual assessments<br>according to specific predefined criteria, which encompass both social and environmental<br>aspects. Moreover, a supplier CoC, 'Supplier Self-Assessment' was introduced at supplier conferences to track their progress. The<br>assessment rates will be reported in future<br>updates.</td></tr><tr><td>Ingredient<br>Sourcing</td><td>Percentage of beverage<br>ingredients sourced from<br>regions with High or Extremely<br>High Baseline Water Stress</td><td>Quantitative</td><td>Percentage (%) by cost</td><td>FB-NB-<br>440a.1</td><td>Our operations are not water intensive,<br>and the water footprint only includes the<br>overhead water and the black water, As our<br>main ingredient, tea, is locally sourced, all<br>partnering estates are exposed to high water<br>risk, as indicated by the WRI Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas, with scores ranging between 3-4<br>on a 5-point scale. Consequently, effective<br>water management has been identified as a<br>critical priority to ensure the sustainability and long-term resilience of tea cultivation in these<br>regions. As a proactive measure to mitigate this risk, rainwater harvesting systems have been<br>introduced at selected tea estates to enhance<br>water availability during dry periods and reduce dependence on external water sources.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>List of priority beverage<br>ingredients and discussion<br>of sourcing risks related to<br>environmental and social<br>considerations</td><td>Discussion<br>and Analysis</td><td>n/a</td><td>FB-NB-<br>440a.2</td><td>Tea, Flavours and Herbs<br>The primary environmental risk identified is<br>climate change, while the main social risk is a<br>shortage of labour. Climate change leads to<br>various other environmental issues, including<br>groundwater depletion, increased temperatures, droughts, and extreme rainfall. Additionally,<br>climate change indirectly affects the workforce by causing migration, which contributes to<br>labour shortages.</td></tr></table>