<|ref|>title<|/ref|><|det|>[[80, 52, 658, 96]]<|/det|>
# TASK FORCE ON CLIMATE-RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES  

<|ref|>table<|/ref|><|det|>[[80, 140, 912, 711]]<|/det|>

<table><tr><td>Topic</td><td>Recommended</td><td>Response and references</td></tr><tr><td>Metrics and targets:<br>Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate related risks and opportunities where such information is material.</td><td>a) Disclose the metrics used by the organisation to assess climate related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process.<br>b) Disclose scope 1, scope 2 and if appropriate scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and the related risks<br>c) Describe the targets used by the organisation to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against targets</td><td>Taking a bold and proactive step in demonstrating its leadership on climate action, Dilmah in 2021 made a commitment to achieving Net Zero in alignment with the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). In 2025, the SBTi formally validated both the near-term and long-term Net Zero targets submitted by Dilmah and its subsidiary, MJF Beverages, covering emissions from Forest, Land and Agriculture (FLAG) as well as non-FLAG sources, marking a significant milestone in Dilmah&#x27;s journey towards climate responsibility and reinforcing its position as a sustainability leader in the global tea industry.<br>Overall net-zero target: Dilmah Ceylon Tea Company PLC commits to reach net-zero greenhouse gas emissions across the value chain by FY2049.<br>Near-term targets:<br>Energy &amp;amp; Industry: Dilmah Ceylon Tea Company PLC commits to reduce absolute scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 46.2% by FY2031 from a FY2023 base year. Dilmah Ceylon Tea Company PLC also commits to reduce absolute scope 3 GHG emissions from purchased goods and services, fuel- and energy related activities and upstream transportation and distribution 27.5% within the same timeframe*. *The target boundary includes land-related emissions and removals from bioenergy feedstocks.<br>FLAG: Dilmah Ceylon Tea Company PLC commits to reduce absolute scope 3 FLAG GHG emissions 33.3% by FY2031 from a FY2023 base year*. Dilmah Ceylon Tea Company PLC also commits to no deforestation across its primary deforestation-linked commodities, with a target date of December 31, 2025. *The target includes FLAG emissions and removals.<br>FY24-25 Emissions in MTCO2e<br>Scope 1: 444.97 MT CO2e<br>Scope 2: 1,742.79 MT CO2e<br>Scope 3: 43,025.03 MT CO2e</td></tr></table>